# Teaching
I recently created my first online course as the starting point to a much larger catalogue of teaching content. I thoroughly enjoyed aggregating my experiences in a way that would be comprehensive to an audience by various means of communication so I thought I'd write a bit about my teaching 'career'.

I grew up in Germany but had always been fond of English as my second language, quite possiblu fueled by my first English teacher being highly motivated. We were his first class and I think that made a difference. He once brought his pal from the UK and introduced him as Mr Brown (I have a vague image of Mr Bean in my head when I think back). Together they came up with a homework task which was to write an essay on how to best destroy the British infrastructure. Suffice to say it was the most interesting assignment any of us had ever received and I went to work on it with great joy. Unfortuntately some of the more 'involved' parents from our class did not like the idea and so the homework was cancelled the next day.
Later on I occasionally taught English and German to friends, friends of friends, kids of family friends, and so on. Atm I'm planning to teach in my kids' German Saturday school. On the other hand, I don't think I could handle a full classroom of kids for an entire week. Spending time in my kids' classrooms and playgroups, I realised that this is not something I could survive in for too long, my respect to any kinder gardener (the hardest part is dealing with the parents).
Adult education is a different matter however. While you don't have to deal with people's parents, you still have to deal with the the people themselves, which can be equally rewarding as well as frustrating at times. I always remember this saying: "If you are a bus driver and you wish to pick them up and get them somewhere, you need to find out at which bus stop they are at. There is no point in trying to pick them up at the wrong bus stop". In a concrete example this could be your kids asking you a math question and you start the conversation with a differential equation... You won't be helping anyone that way. Another thing to remember is that there is always someone at the level just below you, who would benefit from your knowledge. Because it is so easy to get imposter syndrome and think that because you don't hold a PHD in a subject, you couldn't possible teach that subject. It is actually the other way around, that the PHD in astrophysics might not be the best person to teach a group of kids about space. The better choice here might be the housewife who read a summary about space on instagram... Or maybe not, and no offence to anyone with a PHD of course:)

With regard to Trading, I've been pushing myself since the day I started, to constantly evolve and get to a professional level (away from the dreaded Retail Trader Level).
